=Reincarnated Love=
=Episode 17=
Watch out!
Yanzhi.
Yanzhi!
Milady.
You're awake.
Tao, where is Huo Linchuan?
Mr. Huo...
Mr. Huo was brought back by Duke Huo.
Duke Huo forbade anyone
from mourning him,
especially...
Especially you.
On the cliff...
It was all true.
Yanzhi.
They...
They've all gone.
Now, it's just me here.
Milady,
you still have me.
Tao,
am I really that useless?
No.
Milady,
you said your dreams
could glimpse the future.
Perhaps,
they could even change the past.
Tao,
prepare the carriage.
I'm willing
to offer up everything I have,
begging for your mercy.
Is there a way to bring someone back?
Is there...
Is there a way to turn back time?
My parents
should not have died.
Huo Linchuan...
He did not deserve that fate, either.
I beg you.
Please grant me one chance.
You foolish child.
Reincarnation is full
of blood and tears.
Don't you see? All beings suffer.
(Immortal Xuanyu)
May I ask
what you meant by that?
Miss,
Huo Linchuan's fate is an endless cycle.
An endless cycle?
What does that mean?
Lu Huaijin's obsession
caused all this.
The fault partly lies with me.
Lu Huaijin?
When Lu Huaijin was young,
it was the first time I met him.
He was on the verge
of starving to death.
Child?
Wake up.
The child had a kind heart.
His destiny was rooted in goodness,
but he carried an inescapable calamity.
Seeing him so alone and helpless,
I couldn't bear to ignore him.
I gave him a jade pendant.
I hoped it'd help him
reflect on his true self
and not trap himself in despair.
You must guard your heart with kindness.
But as the boy grew older,
his obsession deepened,
and he used it as a tool for revenge.
He sank further and further into it.
The jade of purity,
stained by hatred,
became an instrument of malice.
He unlocked the ten-lifetime cycle
to trap Huo Linchuan.
This jade has now bound his soul.
That's impossible.
No, it can't be.
This won't be how it all ends.
Ma'am.
Miss,
the lotus jade pendant
was born as twins.
This is the other one.
Can this pendant turn things around?
The tides rise and fall.
The moon wanes and waxes.
All things follow their destined path.
Cycles are the order of fate.
And you
can become the one
who changes the fate
of heaven and earth.
Me?
Miss,
you need to think carefully.
This jade can turn things around,
but fate keeps the balance.
Those who change fate
will face trials beyond imagination.
Does that matter?
No matter the price,
I'll change fate.
If that is your decision,
I shall go.
The lotus jade pendant
was born as twins.
This is the other one.
The jade of purity,
stained by hatred,
became an instrument of malice.
He unlocked the ten-lifetime cycle
to trap Huo Linchuan.
This jade has now bound his soul.
This armor is called SilverScales.
It followed my ancestors
through hundreds of battles.
Today, I wish to give it to you.
If one day,
trouble should befall me...
Did Yanzhi
always know his fate?
The study.
Yes.
(10th lifetime)
♪The dream shattered♪
♪Like illusion, yet true♪
♪Like a restless soul♪
♪How vague♪
♪Rain and blood, drifting wild♪
♪A blade of frost in dreams♪
♪Love and hate entwined♪
♪Rise and fall, yet never fade♪
♪How can I turn the tides
of this fleeting life♪
♪When fate falls apart♪
♪Memories return,
carving tears upon my face♪
♪Yet I can't hold on♪
♪Only warmth remains
where longing once burned♪
♪Life after life♪
♪Fated to meet, but never meant to be♪
♪Still, I refuse to bow or yield♪
♪In this life, love becomes my blade♪
♪To break free from reincarnation♪
♪All past affairs tangled with regret♪
♪Now shatter apart♪
♪By fate and karmic ties confined♪
♪Is this fate or calamity♪
♪Is it life, death, or parting pain♪
♪I ask only for a moment of peace,
as devout as my heart♪
♪In the next life, grant me one kiss♪
♪To kiss the snow upon the brows,
and the depths of your gaze♪
♪For once we kissed,
destiny bound us to never part♪
♪This fleeting life feels but a dream♪
♪Sober or indulge♪
♪I only wish to be with you,
with all my heart♪